[Autogenerated] Let's more forward to the next topic and let's start to
raise the bar with results based policies as usual.
Let me go for the definition First,
the results based the policies Argies on policy document that you
attach to resort to such an Amazon s three bucket.
This policy is granted the specified principal permission to perform specific
actions on that results and the fines under what condition these applies Also
note that results based policies are in line polices.
There are no manager results basic.
The Polish is so how results based the policy evaluation works.
We will have user with identity based the policy associate ID.
Then we have results with the results based the policy associate ID.
The two policies are evaluated together following the
agreement that we already explained.
For a certain combination off principle user an action.
The rule is the usual rule.
If explicit deny is found in one statement, then the result is deny.
If allow is found, at least in one statement than the result is allow,
otherwise we go for it to the full two behavior,
which, as we know, is that the fall to deny effect dangerous.
In fact, is that the results based the policies are not defined for old services.
For compute services, for example, we have loved the service for storage.
We have vestry, f s and glossy services and more interesting,
we have no results based policies specified for databases Services off course.
This list is not exhaustive.
And please visit official Amazon documentation for a
complete least in the remaining part.
Off the section, we will concentrate on s three service.
Given the fact that AWS s three is one off the oldest Amazon
services during the time it has been empowered with lot of
features at the state of art,
we have two ways to control access to as three buckets.
First Matin is the access control East Access control East control.
The bucket at the bucket and object level can be a
stagnant to both market and objects.
A C L is a legacy meted even if it is not duplicated.
And of course it is very hard to manage.
On the other side, we have results.
Basic policies,
also known as a bucket policy for these specific service market policies
can enforce policy at both bucket and object level.
They are easy to manage, and they are recommended by AWS Best practices.
Now it's _____ time.
As usual, we will see a couple of scenario,
with some task to be completed in the first scenario.
Scott is an I am user,
which is belonging to an already created as three users group.
Your task is to create a policy to allow Scott to access as three resources off
the account and to allow unique access to specific bucket,
which, by the way, it's called Scott on the back.
It let's now look into the dashboard as our administrator Bob.
Let's select.
The best reserve is is all s three buckets are listed the here,
So let's select our target, which is caught only bucket.
Let's move to permission tub and let's focus on
bucket policy section by default.
There is no policy here, so let's create the one.
Luckily, AWS makes every label for us a policy generator tool,
which opened radically in a different stop off our Web browser.
Our policy must contain two statements.
Let's begin with the explicit the Deny statement with selected Bob and Air.
Lisa's principles select Auerbach it as target,
and the resulting statement is already this statement deny access cities
specific pocket and all its object for Bob and Alice.
Then we had the allow statement Select the Scotus principle and
the Target Barket as resource and the result in statement which
allows Scott to access the bucket, is ready.
Now we can generate the policy which appears properly
formatted as Jason File was selected policy based into the
bucket policy and save the configuration.
Let's move to do some verification.
Let me use Bob profile to least all s three buckets.
Using Bob Profile, we try to move a file to the target back it,
but the operation is denied.
We do the same thing with Scott profile and here we go.
Let's finally very fight that the file is
successfully started in the target market.
As expected on Lee, Scott is able to access that the target bucket.
In the second scenario,
our task is to enable MF a delete feature for a specific bucket.
This feature allowed the let inversions off industry object only if the
user passes the MF a code along with its darkest I m f.
A delete is a super secret and very interesting feature.
But some covers must be taken into account.
This feature can be enabled Onley by roti user.
So yes,
there are some task which can be performed the only by the root user itself.
The root user need an m f a cold.
So you two factor authentication The you Becky we used to
secure the root user will not work here.
And these feature only works with Seelye and a P I coals.
So to enable these, you have to enable the access key for the route user.
Let's see how it works.
First, we have to enable version in an M f A delete for the target bucket.
Note that we are using a special s three ap A commands.
Let's Jack if the command was successful and everything
seems ok so far Now with Ellis Profile,
check the version of the files which resides in the target bucket.
When we tried to delete this version, an error is displayed.
We need the MF a code within the command If it right toe
have the m If a code to do command another error is
displayed this time and my faves okay,
but this operation is allowed only by bucket owner,
which is a root account.
Finally, if we should command with a good profile, the specific file version is finally deleted.